How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was not easy to find, probably with more experience I will be able to do it quicker

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I will be able to see changies and go back to point I made mistake

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I have control to choose the right moment to save changies but the risk is not to forget

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is used mostly by programers which use multiple files interacting with each other

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   I can see dates and specific changes made to the file

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I will know that even if I make mistake I can always go back and fix it

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Keep track of my work and more confidencialy go forward

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    Being able to view all history of changies of my work I can follow my thoughts and see progres

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

     Pros: I can create commit for each logical change with comment; Cons: I have to remember to save changies

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows to work on files interacting with each others so is logical that you can trace changies to all of them. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    In gitt logg I can find who made changies and when plus short description what was changed, in gitt diff exact change between versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Knowing, that I can always take a step back and see exactly all changies makes me more confident to try new things.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I would like to start writing all my C project using git.
